### The differences between the push, pull, and fetch commands

There are two important differences between each of these three commands: the number of operations (actions) that occur when you run a command, and the direction in which data flows when you run a command.

- `git push` - uploads (exports) commits from your local repo to a remote repo.
- `git fetch` - downloads (imports) changes from a remote repo into your local repo. However, these changes are not immediatly merged to your local repo. You have the opportunity to review imported changes before merging them to your local repo.
- `git pull` - will get changes from a remote branch into your tracking branch and merge them into a local branch

Often `git push` and `git pull` are described as equivalent. This isn't entirely correct, since under the hood `git pull` does two things. `git push` takes our current branch, and checks to see whether or not there is a tracking branch for a remote repository connected to it. If so, our changes are taken from our branch and pushed to the remote branch. This is how code is shared with a remote repository, you can think of it as "make the remote branch resemble my local branch". This will fail if the remote branch has diverged from your local branch: if not all the commits in the remote branch are in your local branch. When this happens, your local branch needs to be synchronized with the remote branch with git pull or git fetch and git merge.`git fetch` again takes our current branch, and checks to see if there is a tracking branch. If so, it looks for changes in the remote branch, and pulls them into the tracking branch. It does not change your local branch. To do that, you'll need to do `git merge origin/master` (for the "master" branch) to merge those changes into your branch - probably also called "master".`git pull` simply does a `git fetch` followed immediately by `git merge`. This is often what we desire to do, but some people prefer to use git fetch followed by git merge to make sure they understand the changes they are merging into their branch before the merge happens.
